feat(http): Add Sec-CH-UA-Form-Factors, Sec-CH-UA-WoW64 headers (#37547)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/sec-ch-ua-wow64/index.md

---
title: Sec-CH-UA-WoW64
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Sec-CH-UA-WoW64
page-type: http-header
status:
  - experimental
spec-urls: https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/#sec-ch-ua-wow64
---

{{HTTPSidebar}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The HTTP **`Sec-CH-UA-WoW64`** {{Glossary("request header")}} is a [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints#user-agent_client_hints) indicating if a 32-bit User-Agent application is running on a 64-bit Windows machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`Sec-CH-UA-WoW64`** {{Glossary("request header")}} is a [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints#user-agent_client_hints) indicating if a 32-bit user-agent application is running on a 64-bit Windows machine.
```

> [WoW64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WoW64) was commonly used to know which NPAPI plugin installer should be offered for download.
> This client hint header is used for backwards compatibility considerations, to provide a one-to-one mapping from the User-Agent string of certain browsers to UA client hints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WoW64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WoW64) was commonly used to know which [NPAPI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NPAPI) plugin installer should be offered for download.
This client hint header is used for backwards compatibility considerations, to provide a one-to-one mapping from the user-agent string of certain browsers to UA client hints.
```

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>
        {{Glossary("Request header")}},
        <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints">Client hint</a>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>Yes (<code>Sec-</code> prefix)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Syntax

```http
Sec-CH-UA-WoW64: <boolean>
```

### Directives

- `<boolean>`

>   - : `?1` means the user agent's binary is running in 32-bit mode on 64-bit Windows (true) and `?0` means the inverse (false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `?1` indicates that the user agent's binary is running in 32-bit mode on 64-bit Windows (true), while `?0` means that it is not (false).
```
